The on. Alexander Mackenzie.
(From the Kingston News, Tory.)
The history of Great Britain and her colo-
nies has afforded many illustrations of men
rising from the lower ranks of life by means
of steady perseverance and unceasing mental
activity to places of the highest honor and
greatest responsibility in the State. It has
often been argued against the British monar-
chical system of Government that it is an
almost Impassable barrier to those whose
ability and aspirations impel them upwards;
but the facts prove the contrary. Men of
humble birth have risen to occupy high posi-y
tioas and have lived to be honored by the
nation at large. These thoughts suggest
theirselves by the departure of the Premier of
the Dominion on an official visit to England.
From the Hon. Alexander Mackenzie we differ
politically. We have frequently had occasion
expose what we honestly regarded as in-
consistencies in his policy, and may be under
he necessity of doing so again; but we do
not consider that there is any reason why,
under present circumstances, we should not
advert in a friendly spirit to his career, aside
altogether from politics. We are not among.
those who allow contracted political prejudices-
to interfere with our estimate of tho in-
dividual. There is, we are afraid, too great
tendency in this country to allow political
opposition to degenerate into personal an-
tipithy. The encouragement of this spirit
and its development in our midst can
only prove an unmitigated curse, Honor-
able.party warfare is legitimate enough——
is, indeed, necessary but the making of
politics the subject of personal quarrels is to
be strongly deprecated. If we cannot agree
We should be able to agree to differ. So long
as there are Governments there will be Par-
ties; and tiat we cannot all belong to one
Party will not for & moment be denied. An
Opposition is almost as much a necessity asa
Government is, if the acts of Govern-
menits are to be closely watched in the public
interests. He is simply a bigoted, narrow-minded-
contemptible partizan who cannot
recognize any merit in a political opponent-
recognent. Political virtue is not confined
to one class of politicians. Believing
in these principles, therefore, while
opposed to Mr. Mackenzie politically,
we hold that there is much in character
to be admired, and his example in many re-
spects is worthy of emulation. When Mr.
Mackenzie came to this country he was, we.
understand, a stonemason, and for some time
worked in that capacity in the erection of
some of the fortifications of this city. Being
of studious habits he diligently stored his
mind with useful knowledge, and having a
memory of a more than ordinary retentive
character, the knowledge he acquired was
seldom forgotten. Indomitable in his perse-
verance he struggled on, until, recognizing
his ability, his party placed him at its head,
and when & change of Government took
place he was entrusted by Her Majesty's
representative with the formation ofa
Government. Mr. Mackenzie will sail
to-morrow for England, and in a
fow weeks, his official capacity
as Premier, he will appear in Downing
street to confer with the Imperial Govern-
ment on matters of Canadian interest. He
carries not with him the flimsy tinsel associated-
the with what is called noble birth as a as-
port to, perhaps, Her Majesty's presence; but
as the head of & Government of one of the
most prosperous of the Colonies he goes as
its representative, and therefore as the therefore-
sentative of Canada. If Mr. Mackenzie is
not so much of a " society man " as others
of his Party, we feel certain, nevertheless,
that Canada will not have any reason to feel
ashamed of him. He is a fine specimen of & a
self-made man who has proved that it
is quite possible to rise from the humbler to
the higher walks of from being & stone-
mason to be the Prime Minister of so great a
country as Prours. Snobbery at times may
sneer at such men, may look with contempt
upon them because they were not born, as
the saying is, with a silver spoon in the
mouth; but all who have a just appreciation
of those sterling qualities of heart and mind
which go to make up a man will never refuse
to accord to them that tribute of praise which
is justly their due.
"The rank is but the guinea stamp,
The man's the gowd for that"
In fact we know of no class more deserving of
praise than those who despite the disadvantages-
tages of their early days, after struggling
bravely on surmounting innumerable and try-
ing difficulties, succeeded in reaching the
highest rung in the ladder of an honorable
laudable am ambition. Such a man in this con-
nection is Mr. Mackenzie. When he for the
first time Macgrasp's the hand of the British
Premier, Mr. Disraeli, he will meet with one
who struggled perseveringly against the pre-
judices of class and other adverse circum-
stances, but who raised himself until by his
own unaided efforts he became the First
Commoner of the most aristocratic nation in
the world, In admiration of such instances
of patient and successful toil we can well
afford for the time to lose sight of political
differences.
To Mr. Mackenzie himself the changed cir-
cumstances under which he returns must be
a source of pardonable pride. We express
the hope that the trip may prove an agreeable
one, and although not of a "blue blooded""
nor the most accomplished of courtiers, we
have every confidence that neither the honor
nor dignity of Canada will suffer in his hands
during his official interviews with · Her
Majesty's Ministers.