Niagara Falls Gazette:
Dr. Liyingstone's labors, for whose spirit of
before. Among the stories, which Mr. Evarts
similar fashion, should a scientific teory
146, 400 copies for depots abroad. The report
polling day. It appeared that they were not
course of the evening and night, the Hamil
Liverpaol by the Polynesian on Saturday, the
J. S. Ryan, a photographer in the employ
determination he had much admiration —
gardus, in the same number, had scored but
is so fond of telling the jury, ought to be in-
happen to suggest itself to his mind.
gave the following facts respeeting the circu-
formally summoned to meet; did not keep
ton Battery, the 20th Battalion, which had
19th inst. The members of the team from
of S. J. Mason, in the Park, at the Falls, dis-
indeed, the question of the sources of the
sixteen, which gave Ira the lead by two
cluded'that of Bret Harte's California miners,
lation of the Seriptures during the year in
minutes of their proceedings; appointed no
been delayed in Toronto, and two battalions
Toronto, Messrs. Bell and Mills, of the 10th
River Nile was the last subjet of his careful
pigeons. Frienls of the- latter now rusheed
York and Scott, who, after having been part-
foreign countries: In France the colporteurs
chairman; but as they met one another they
that were expected down by the Canada South-
Royals, and Messrs. Cruit and Litle, of the
appeared very suddenly some days ago and
investigation. In Arctic matters he took &
to the pool box and made him bring ever
ners for a long time, quarrelled,' and became
TICKETs, SIR! This was the way it hap-
under M. Monod had distributed 87, 400
agreed to meet, and adjourned their meetings
ern Railway. The officers and members will
Grand Trunk Rifles, leave Toronto on tho
has not since been heard from.
deep interest at the time of Sir J. Franklin's
terms with the Captain, which, no dout,
deadly eremies. Their feud was the amuse-
pened in a town not far from Elmira:" One
copies. In Belgium the circulation had been
from time to time; and it was argued on
be given in a succeeding report.
17th inst, for Quebee.
Some days since the headless trunk of an
catastrophe, sifting the sad question of his
was very pleasing to the Western delegation.
mentof thewhole settlement where
ofthe regular attendants at Central Church
16, 000 copies. The system of colportage had
these and similar grounds that they did not
At the latest moment of writing toget off
Three little boys in Montreal have been
unknown man passed through the flume of
route in an sble paper, contained in the
When thirty birds had been trapped by each
they lived, and when, finally, theyan
isa railroad conductor. He is regular, not
been extended to Luxemburg. In Holland
constitute a committee. But there is no
this despatch, rumor has it that in an alterca-
sentencod to. three years in the Reformatory
the Paper Mill on Bath Island. Theremains
twenty-sixth volume of the Society's Journal.
the scores stood-Paine, 23; Bogardus, 23 —
as rival candidates for the Legislature,
so much from any personal inclination for
the circmlation had been from 27, 00 to 30,
magic in that word. These parties united
tion some of the men drew their bayonets
School for stealing pigeons and plucking all
were so far decomposed and so forbidding
SAMUEI HEINRICH SCHWABE,
atiewhich sorae looked upon at this stage
everybody turned out to hear them
Calvinism, as from the fact that he has a
0no copies the year previous. The total num-
together for the common purpose of secur-
and that one man got stabbed. The story
the feathers of the birds while living. The
that they were allowed to go over the Luna
of the game as being very singular. The
speak against each other. York began, and
first-rate Presbyterian wife, who keeps him
ber of copies issued in Germany and Switzer-
ing respondent's election; they had some
wants confirmation.
excuse for indulging in such eruelty was that
Island Falls, although they might have been
the astronomer, died recently. In December,
better informed hardly deemed it accidental.
in the way he should go. A few Sundays
land was 461, 801. In Austria it was 150, 458
NIAGARA. June 2.
secured, An employee who saw the body
1827, he discovered the eccentrieity of Saturn's
but set it down as one of the plans of the
unfolded Scott's disgaceful career very much,
since, one of the deacons was absent, and
copies; in theItalian Peninsula3870copies;
organization; they canvassed electors, pro-
they liked to see the birds hobble about
and who learned afterwards there was a stand-
ring with respeet to the planet. In 1835, he
Captain to make the occasion more entertain.
as Judge. Porter did Mr. Tilton's, no less to
our conductor was requested to pass the
cured voters' lists, got reports on which they
This norning broke with a dull sky, and
naked."
ing reward in Tonawanda for the recovery of
made & series of physical observations of
ing. Paine cut down six in his next ten, s
the astonishment than the amusement of the
plate. Of course he consented. For the
inSpain, it had fallen from 77, 000 copies the
estimated their chances of suecess. They are
during the forenoon drops of rair falling
. Correspondence is taking place between
the body of a man supposed to have been
Halley's comet, but his principle astronomi-
did the Captain, another singular coincidence,
audience, who had not had the privilege of
frst dozen pews, everything passed off well.
year previous to 50, 0o. The Society still has
the parties, so far as appears, whose nomi-
were looked upon as threatening to interfere
Rev. T. D. Phillips, of Ottawa, and Mr. A.
drowned in that place last winter, has made
cal work was his long course of observations
and Paine going off and killing ten others:
knowing their fellow citizens as intimately
There was a regular financial shower of
in Spain 18 colporteurs who continue their
nation the respondent accepted and acted on,
with the work of the drill sergeanats, but
Outerbridge, of Philadelphia, on the subject
up his mind that he is out about $100.
of the solar spots, whence was led to the re-
dead as a stone, and Bogardus allowing three
as the sipeaker. When he got through it
nickels and dimes, and the railroad-man
work. In Portugal the number was 8, 590
and if they did not style themselves a com-
there was. no storm, a light wind moving and
ofa Canadian eleven visiting Philadelphia in
markable disegvery of their periodieity in
was Scotit's turn. " There's naught, gene-
watched sharp, but couldn't see that any-
copiesan increase of 3, 50o copies. A re-
mittee or committees, they seemed to have
the darkened sky contributing to make the
September. Mr. Phillips suggest & conven-
The necessary notification preliminay to
number and frequency about every ten or
of the number to escape, the score at the
men," said he, " there's naught as that man
body'got awaywithout responding. Finally
vised Portuguese translation of the Bible hae
assumed the functions which usually devolve
day exceedingly pleasant. Rations in abun-
tion of Canadian cricketers in July at
the withdrawal of the petition against the re-
eleven years. For this he received the gold
fiftieth bird stood-Paine, killed, 39; missed,
hez said as isn't true. I was run outer
he came to a seat where the occupant was
just been put in circulation. In Denmark the
upon such bodies. Mr. Sullivan apears to
dant supply were issued at five o'elock this
Ottawa, when the matche cah cone of.
turn of A. F. Macdonald, M. Pfor Cornwall,
medal of the Hoyal Astronomical Society of
11. Bogardus, illed, 36; missed, 14. Thi
Cairo; I did belong to the Regulators; I did
either busted or disinclined, for he shook his
circulation has risen from 23.000 to 26, 000
have been an energetic member, under what-
morning, and by seven o'clock breakfast was
in the House of Commons, appears in the
London in 1857.
put the former three birds ahead, half-way
desert from the army; I did leave a wie in
head, but made no attempt on his pocket.
copies; in. Sweden, from 87, 000 to 100, 700
ever name, in supporting the respondent.
over, and it became a question of getting to
The prospects of the Liberal candidates for
Cornwall Gazette. The petitioners base their
around the garae, and many imagined it
Kansas. But there's one thing he didn't
The conductor looked at him sharply, but no
copies; in Norway it has fallen from 40, 000
It is he who in the respondent's presence
work. In the infantry regiments thie order
Monck, Mr. Edgar for the Commons and Dr.
looked serious for the Western champion.
charge me with, and maybe he's forgoten.
to25, 000 copies; in Russia 181, 000 copies
gives spirituous liquors and beer to some of
seemed to be confined to squad drill and
Haney for the Oniario Legislature, are ex-
prayer for withdrawal on the fact that since
GEORGE ELIOT.- Mrs. Henry M. Field
His friends, however, were buying all the
cash appeared. Then he nudged his
had been issued from St. Petersburg, and
cellent. They are both good men, and the
its presentation changes have taken place in
wrote of George Eliot: The appsarance of
pools they could secure, having kept him the
For three years, gentlemen, I was that man's
shoulder, and softly called, Tickets, sir
81, 000 copies in South Russia; Madagascar
the electors who were assembled on the poll-
company movements, the former being by far
. constitueney cannot do better than seure
the law.
George Eliot, or: Mrs. Lewes, has been often
favorite at $50 to $10. A rest of twenty
pardner." A burst of applause, according to
Again the man's head wagged horizontally,
has received 24, 000 copies; India, 216, 340;
ing day as respondent's friends, the respond-
the most needed; also all the ronitine of
their services. The Conservatives hold a
A meetingf gentlemen interested in the
deseribed. There was a very good portrait of
minutes was now taken and the guns were
Mr. Harte, artistically rounded and enforced
but the stamps didn't come. Paiss, then
China, 740, 000; and Brazi, 2500. The
ent. being present, with his silent consent and
organization for extra duties, fatigue parties,
convention on the 5th to select their candi-
railways running from between Hamilton and
her in the exhibition last year at the Royal
cleaned.
this climax and virtually elected Scott. N.
whispered the conductor. still no response.
Amharic version of the Scriptures, to be used
undeniable knowledge.
sentries and police. The battalions are
dates, and Messrs. McCallum and Hill are
Kingston in the direction of the Paciffic Rail-
Academy. Noone who had ever seen her
Paine came to the front for the fifty-first
Y. Sun.
Just as the railroad chap was about to call
in Eastern Africa, has been finished, and Dr.
This wasa corrupt practice by the express
amply accompanied by medical men, but
mentioned as likely to be selected.
way was held yesterday at the Queen's
could mistake thie large head her brain must
bird very confidentcut it down magnficently
PIGEON SHOOTING.—- There will be a grand
up the fireman and brakeman to help pitch
Moffat's version in Bechuana has been sold.
language of one of the statutes. It was com
it may be a subject for surprise thit there
A sad accident happened one mile from
Hotel, when a resolution was passed calling
be heavier than most men's), covered with &
and repeated it atisfactory for eight others
sweepstake shooting match at Deerfoot Park
the impecunious worshipper out of doors, the
After the reading of the report, addresses
mitted, as I conclude, to help the respond-
is not a regimental chaplain in camp.
Blairton, on the 31st ult., by which William
upon, the Toronto Local Government to decide
mass of rich auburn hair. At first I thought
in the ten, missing but onethe fifty-eghth
to-day, commencing at eleven o'clock a. m.
regular deacon came in and relieved his
were delivered by the Archbishop of Canter-
ent's election by one of his own supporters,
It is true the men expect to ibe only
McArthur, an old resident of Marmora, lost
upon some policy in reference to Ontario in
her tall; for ong could not think that such
- a rattling customer, which gave him forty
The shooting will be all the more interesting
proxy. The conductor says he believes in
bury, El Fortescue, the Rev. W. Morley
and it was concurred in by the respondent,
one Sunday in camp, and for that duy some
his life. The deceased, who lived on the
connection with the trans-continental line.
head could rest on an ordinary woman's
eight out of sixty. When the Captain aain
and exciting from the fact that five hundred
running a church the same way you would a
Punshon, and the Rey. C. H. Spurgeon.
and, as I am willing to think, in forgetful-
provision will be made by volunteer clergy-
shore of Marmora Lake, had occasion to go
A mass meeting was held in Hyde Park,
shoulders. But, as she rose up, her igure
took his place there was danger in his eye,
wild pigeons have been engaged: One of the
railroad train-if a man won't pay, or hasn't
ness at the moment of the law.
men. The circumstance is. only noticed.
appeared of but medium height. She received
and he shot in stiyle. He knocked dead nine-
features of the day's sport will be the attempt
a pags, let him git."
On Monday evening a serious accident oc-
I do not found my conclusion on the ques-
The musketry practice will commence to-
down the lake during the day; on returning
London, Eng. yesterday to express sympathy
of Captain A. H. Bogardus to kill thiryeight
curred omRichmond street, London, the
tion whether the respondent actually did
morrow. This important part of the instruc-
in the evening, when within a few feet of the
for the cabinet-makers who have just been
us very kindly. In seeing for the first time
teen birds in succession, making many diffi-
wild birds out of fifty from two ground traps
The late Baron Pigott died a member of
principal sufferer being Mrs. E. W. Hyman.
drink any of the liquor or beer given by Sulli-
tion will be superintended by Capt. Jahnston,
shore, the boat upset, throwing Mr. MeAr-
released from imprisonment. They were
one to whom we owed so many happy hours,
cult shots at su long ranges as to call frth
the Chnrch of England. His sons belong to
She, accompanied by her niece and Miss
van, who boughtfrom Davidson; but he was
assisted by Sergeant Dunford. The ranges
thur into the water, and he was drowned..
sentenced for accosting comrades on their
it was impossitle to feel towards her as a
repeated cheers. His seventieth hrd, a driv-
placed forty yards apart, the Captain to stand
a sect called the " Plymouth Brethren," com-
one of those who more or less actively con-
are on the common west of the fort. The
The body was recovered during the night.
way to work, and endeavoring to induce
stranger. All distance was removed by her
ing black, was inissed and then he went on
on a line midway between the two traps. The
monly called " Derbyites." The Plymouth
Beardmare, of Toronto, were in their a-
courtesy: Her inanners are very sweet, be-
shooting and tumbled over the strongest
exhibition match will take place at three
Brethren " are not, as may be supposed, an
rouche, driven by Mr. William Hyman, when
curred in a corrupt practice. He joined in
targets will be all in their places to-day, and
Walter and Fred Roe, aged nineeen and
them to join in astrike. It is estimated
o'clock p. m. This will be the last oppor-
the horses started and threw all the ocu-
going into the house which the law directed
the Queen's Own Rifles will go to ths firing-
fifteen, sons of the Postmaster at Newmarket,
that 800o people took part in the demon
cause very simple, and free from affectation.
character of pigeons ever sent from atrap,
tunity of witnessing the remarkable skill of
emanation from Mr. Beecher's church, but a
pants out in front of Mr. Puddicombe's drug
should be kept eclosed. He joined in accept-
butts to. morrow. There is some anxiety
left early on Monday morning for the Hol-
stration. Resolutions were adopted declaring
To me her welcome was the more grateful as
until at the eighty-fourth, when he led Paine
Captain Bogardus with the gun before his
religious body founded about forty years ago,
store. Mirs. Hyman was picked up in an in-
ing beer as & treat, or, in other words, & gift,
about the Q. O. R., as it was reporteil that &
land River for the purpose of fishing, and
the sentence a gross violution of personal
that of one woman to another. There is &
one bird. It was the first time in the con-
departure for Europe. N. Y. Herald of 3Ist.
the chief peculiarity of which is that the
sensible condition and carried into the shop
ina literal as. well as a substantial violation
number of the men were complaining to-day.
were to have returned home last evening, but
rights. The speakers denounced laws made
sort of free masonry among women, by
test that such had been their relative position.
congregation have no especial ministers,
mentioned, when it was found that her arm,
of the law, with knowledge of the fact and
It is certain that three men fell in the ranks
up to this time no tidings of them can be
in the interest of a privileged class.
which they understand at once those with
During this extraordinary exhibition by the
THE BBITISH ARMY. SOMe time SiNCE
every brother and sister having & full right
shoulder and face were badly bruised. Under
assenting thereto. It is not as if the question
while at drill in the forenoon, and had to be
heard. They hired a boat at Holland Land-
The boat which Mr. Rose's son used on
whom they have any intellectual sympathy:
captain his oppoinent had also done splendid-
during the administration of Mr. Gladstone,
to " prophesy and preach." They hold that
medical treatment she was much better yes
turned on a violation of Sec.66, when he was
carried to their tents. There were no com-
ing and went down the river to the bay on
Monday was found yesterday afternoon, ot-
A few words, and all reserve was gone.
ly, yet missing jiust the number to give Mr.
the Queen. issued a warrant abolishing the
there is do true christianity in the Church or
terday, and was found to be not so severely
prosecuted for the pecuniary penalty, and
plaints among the other battalions, so far as
Lake Simcoe. Parties were out all night,
tom up, near Roache's Point, which setles
" Come, sit by me on this sofa," she said, and
Bogardus the advantage. From this time the
purchase of army commissions. Under the
among the sects, but only among them-
injured as at first supposed, her brain not
might say he was not within the law, neither
I could ascertain. Indeed, the reports by
and to-day several have gone in search,
all hope of their Bafety. The respect which
instantly seated side by side, we were in deep
match was praciically over; the wonderful
old system an English officer could select
selves. When the body of the Baron was
being affected, and there being, it is thought,
having given nor sold. Until these acts were
the officers were of the most cheering de-
tug has been engaged at Bell Ewart to search
all classes of the community had for the
conversation. It is in such intimacy that
shooter from the West killing just as many
any regiment he pleased by paying & certain
taken to the churchyard, the clergyman of
no internal injuries. The other occuants
declared & corrupt practice the election was
scription; that the men were in excellent
the bay. Some hopes are entertained of
deceased has cast a heavy gloom in the town
one feels the magnetism of a large mind in-
birds as he liked. Paine couldn't stop his
sum of money. This act cost the British gov-
the Established Church insisted upon read
escaped with very slight damage, Miss Beard-
not voided, but since that declaration the
condition, and took with instinctive. liking to
their having drifted to some Island, but
and vicinity. The telegraph ofices all round
formed by a true woman's heart; then as the
eighty-eighth and eighty-ninth, nor could he
ernment rnillions of dollars, because the gov-
ing the burial service. He met the funeral
more having a cut upon her face, but nothing
effect of the 66th Section is extended, The
their duty.
most grave doubts exist regarding their
the lake were frequented by eager enquirers
soul shines through the face, one perceives its
secure the ninety-seventh, whieh placed the
ernment indemnified the officers for the
at the gate, and began with the words, I
to signify.
concurrence in the commission of the pro-
The Staff officers of the cavalry regiment,
safety.
ever since apprehension existed as to their
intellectual beauty. No portrait can give the
Captain four ahead. The latter missed his
privilege of which it deprived them. Mr
am the resurrection and the life," when, ac-
hibited act makes the candidate responsible
of which the troops have been mertioned,
full expression of the eye, any more than ofthe
final pigeon, which won him the match by
Disraeli's government restored the system.
cording to an English journal, " some of the
The other day at the Glasgow central police
The Niagara Camp correspondent of the
safety. Numbers of inhabitants have gone
voice. Looking into that clear, calm
three birds, the score being-Bogardus, 84
The effect of this is, as Lord Cardwell, the
mourners shouted to him to stop and others
court ayoung mannamed RobertHamilton was
for the newly imposed consequences.
are Major Book, commanding; Paymaster,
Liberal says: Some stragglers belongig to
from Newmarket to search for the bodies with
eye, one sees a transparent nature, a soul of
killed, 16 missed; Paine, 81 killed, 19 missed.
Secretary of War under Mr. Gladstone, showed
to go on. Meanwhile the bearers, command-
charged before Bailie Young with having at
I must report to the Speaker accordingly.
R. Currie; Dr. Clarke, Surgeon; Quater-
the Queen's Own, who arrived by the after-
lights, & c.
goodness and truth, an impression which is
The appended resume will show the most
in the House of Lords debate, that the " poor
ed by one of the Baron's sons, pushed along
tempted topick thepockets of ladiesin Ingram
master, Surpell: Captain-Adjutant Spillett;
noon trip yesterday of the City of Toronto,
At a meeting of manufacturers held the
deepened as you listen to her soft and gentle
extraordinary score, on the part of Bogardus,
officers will do all the disagreeable work and
and threw the coffin into the grave near the
street. From the evidence it appeared that
LIGHTHOUSE ILLUMINATION.— The NECSSITy
Veterinary Surgeon, Elliot. To-day the
behaved in a very disorderly manner. Later
other day the Provincial Minister of Agricul-
tones. A low voice is said to be an excellent
ever made in pigeon shooting at such long
the rich oficers fill the pleasant posts.
gate. A solicitor was then sent to say that
the prisoner, who had for some time past
of intense illumination for lighthouses has
troops are engaged in the morning a sword
on some of them who were drunk got into
ture informed them that the Government
thing in woman. It is a special charm of the
range and undor the English rules. He
THEARIAMENT OF FRANCE.— THE aSSURANCES
inthe name of the executors he protested
been a regular attender at revival meetings,
induced the English Government to under-
and carbine exercise, and have a mounted
difficulty with some residents of Niagara, and
would take charge of goods while en route to
most finely cultured English ladies. But
killed 48 straight out of the last 50, every one
that the peace of Europe will be preserved are
against the service being read. The rector
was standing the other evening in a crowd
take various experiments with a view to
parade in the afternoon. They expect. to
afterwards with some of the 44th Welland
and from the Centennial Exhibition. More
never did a sweuter voice fascinate a listener
rattlers and somo leaving the traps as strong
not made more probable by the demand which
shut his book and walked quietly away with
which had collected in Ingram street, and
realize this object. At one of their coast
have a regimental parade to-morrow, This
Battalion. In the seufle bayonets were
than that has not been determained uon at
- so soft and low that one must almost bend
as ducks. With five falling dead out of
General De Cissey, the French Minister Of
his curate." There are legal proceedings to
who where engaged singing hymns from the
stations there are employed for this purpose
arm of the Brigade will look unconimonly
drawn, and a-very unseemly emeute took
present. It was especially advised that the
to hear. Yon can imagine what a pleasure it
bounds Bogardus in reality killed 8 out of
War, has made for fifty-one million francs,
be brought against the " Plymouth Brethren "
hymnal published by Messrs. Moody and
two magneto-electric machines, each being
well, the whole of the troops being uni-
place. Chief Constable Curtis was equal o
mannfactured articles to be sent should be
was thus to sit beside this gifted woman, and
his 100 birds.
to enable him to continue work on the fortifi.
for interfering with a clergyman in perform-
Sankey. While singing at the top of his
put in motion by a two-horse power steam
formly dressed, and the men have moit com-
the occasion, and promptly arrested two men:
good and plain, not fancifully ornamented,
hear her talk of questions interesting tothe wo
The Captain, under the rule, used ounce
cations and to purchase material for the army.
ing his duty.
voice, and apparently with high-strung devo-
engine, and, excepting. wear and tear, the
mendably come in upon their best horses.
of the Queen's Own, and the matter will no
or of too gingerbread a class. The Govern-
men of England and America. But I should
shot and 5 drach ms of powder in each shell
At the sanae time this request seems tojustify
Several heads of mummies were shipped
tional feeling," Hold the fort, for I am com-
whole consumption of material to produce
The 20th Rifes came in last night in
doubt be investigated to-day.
ment of Ontario is pursuing a commendable
do her great injusticifIgave theimpression
(of paper), the latter being of 12 gauge size.
German fears that France may recover her
from Egyptto Halifax, England. They
ing," the prisoner was observed to insert his
the light is the coke and water required to
splendid condition. The Staff officars are
The N. Y. Tribune says: Lord Derbys
policy in doing all it can to advance the in-
that there was in her conversation any
His gun weighs: Lo lbs. exactly, and the shot
military strength, though it does not prove
were packed in separate boxes, and one of
hands into the pockets of five different ladies.
raise steam for the engine and carbon points
Major Allan, commanding; Captain Cury,
statement in the House of Lords yesterday
tereste at home and abroad of her manufac
attempt at display.
There is no wish
used by him was No.8 in the right hand
that she intends to use it to obtain revenge.
them got soaked in salt water on the voyage.
The last lady whom he attempted to rob
for the lamp in the lantern. The lamp is a
acting major; Adjutant, Keating; DrOgden,
was calculated to keep alive apprehensions
turers, and the indications are that not only
to " shine."
She is boVe
that
barrel and No.7 in the left hand barre.
Why should not France prepare for war?
This particular head when taken out was
seized him in the act, and caused him to be
delicate arrangement of machinery, hold-
surgeon; Dr. Appelbe, assistant suirgeon;
which it was his busmess to set at rest. His
are its efforts appieciated but that the re-
affectation of brilliancy which is often
None of tihe other nations of Europe are
found to have recovered its natural outlines,
handed ower to the police, who took him into
ing the two carbons between which the
Paymaster, Captain Switzer, Quarterraaster,
declaration that causes of dispute between.
sponse will be very creditable indeed to the
mere flippancy.
Nor does she seek to
SUMMARY.
the sea water having had an astonishing
custody. He was committed to prison for
electric light exists, and regulating their ad-
Applebe.
Germany and France are likely to reour may
keystone Province.
attract homage and admiration. On thecon-
BOGARDUS-1 0 + 011, 1 * 1111, 1111 * 0 +, Ot
making the slightest preparation for peace.
justment, so that while they gradually con-
The 39th Norfolk Rifes came in late last
Not long since two or three financiers of
1111, 10 + 111, 101 * 01 *, 1010 + 0, 1110
A few days since William Colville, a carter,
effect. M. D. Conway, who was present, says:
sixty days.
sume away the place of the light shall not
night, and slept on the bare ground; a prety
be true enough; but he might have made it.
Liverpool went in for a big spec in rice.
trary, she is very averse to speak of herself,
1, 101 * 1 * 0, 1101 * 11 * 111 * 1, 1111111
near Dunfermine, in Scotland, left home, ac
" For a few minutes we saw an unmistakably
The St. Petersburg correspondent of the
be altered. The electric wires end in the two
hard piece of furniture, some of thern said,
with just as much truth any other day within
They realized and netted a large profit.
or even to hear tlhe heartfelt praises of others.
11 * 1, 1111 * 0, 1 * 11 * 1111111, 1 * 1 * 1
11, 1 * 11 * 11, 1 * 111 * 111111 *, 1111
companied by his dog. On the afternoon of
Egyptian countenance, with pleasant compos
Journal des Debats says that there is a great
bars of a small railway, and upon these the
butthey will get blankets immediatelyThe
the last two years. Peace can only be estab-
Pleased with their success, they resolved to
She does not engross the conversation, but is
0-Total, 10. Killed, 84; missed, 16.
the next day the dog came back to the house,
ed expression-the face of a man who lived
mania for Spiritualist manifestations in that
lamp stands. When the carbons of a lamp
Battalion looks well.
lished on an enduring basis by friendly inter-
celebrate the lucky coup by a little spread.
delicate taet-which is one of the fine arts
more eager to listen than talk. She has that
PAINE-1 * 11 * 11, 11110, 1111 * 1, 111
and acted in such a peculiar and excited man-
at least three thousand years ago. We could
city just now, and that the popularity of
are nearly gone that lamp is lifted off and
The staff-oficers are Lieutenant-Clolonel
course and the avoidance of anything pointing
A party of six sat down to dinner, and the
among womento make others talk, suggest-
01, 11100, 0011 *, 1 + 0011, 1 + 01 * 01, 1 * 1
ner that Colville's friends resolved to follow
onlysaythatthe powerful aromatic gums which
Homeis far exeeeded by that which & French-
another instantly pushed into its place. The
S. P. Maber, Major McLaren, Major Ryan,
to a future war. Lord Derby was not rs-
bill came to £150-just £75 a head. Ten
111, 11111, 10111 * 1, 11011, 11110
the animal, the result being that the dog led
had been used had arrested the decay which
man named Brediffe at present enjoys.
light never goes out through anydeficiency
Adjutant. Heath; Paymaster Livinigston;
quired to remind Germany and France that
dozen chickens were killed to provide one
ing topics the mcst rich and fruitful, and by
11 * 11 * 1, 11 * 110, 0111 * 1 *, 111 * 01, 1
001 *, 111111011 * 1 *. Total, 000. Killed
them to a shaft of a disused coal pit in the
the salt water had nowrendered possible, and
Home was looked upon as something of &
or cause in the engine and machine house,
Quartermaster Foley; Dr. Phelan, Suigeon;
they were likely soon to renew their quarrels
dish composed solely of the " oyster cuts
a word drawing the conversation into a chan-
81; missed, 19.
neighborhood, and there stopped, taking its
which speedily set in after the head was taken
dilettante, for he only. held his seances in
and when it has become extinguished in the
Dr. Hayes, Assistant Surgeon.
in that way intimating that they must con-
out of the back, and £10o · was spent in flow
nel where it may flow with a broad, free cur-
Time actually shooting, three hours.
stand close by the enclosure of the shaft.
from its box and wrappings. I can never
those houses to which he was an invited
lantern a single touch of the keeper's hand
The Welland Battery came in late last
stantly be on the alert.
ers amd decorations for the room.
rent. Thus she makes you forget the cele-
brated authorand think only of the refined
Referee, Mr. Parks.
Grappling irons were procured, and after
forget the lifelikeness of the face before the
guest, whereas M. Brediffe is always ready to
sets it shining as bright as ever, sending
night, and the men are at work on guis and
A dramatic affair, which created a deep in
and cultivated woman. You do not feel awed
Killed with secand barrel,
tFell dead out of bounds.
these had been used for a considerable time
swift decay of flesh which followed.
" manifest " at the rate of three roubles per
forth its illumination with a power of bril-
accoutrements, cleaning up. The officers
terest anfong the peaple of Alsace, has just.
Water color paintings, & branch of art of
by her genius, but only quickened by it, as
— extending over several daysthe dead body
A cremation company is about to be estab-
head to a company not exceeding ten persons.
liancy far surpassing that of any other fixed
are Captain King, commanding, Lieuenant
come before the Assizes of Colmar. Toward
comparatively recent origin, now realize al
Capt. Bogardus will accompany the Ameri-
of the missing man was found and brought
lished in Zurich, inSwitzerland. The hares
As plenty of people are willing to pay three
light.
McCracken; Dr. Mack, Surgegn, and
theend of the seige of Paris & young sergeant
most. as large prices as paintings in ol. For-
something that calls out all that is better and
can Team to Ireland, sailing on Saturday
to the bank.
are to be twenty francs each, and the under-
roubles om the chance of seeing spirits, he
A colossal statue of “Germania” by the
seventy men and fifty horses. There is still
ofthe Mobile Guards, named Ligez, was killed
tuny's " Moorish Carpet Merchant," said to
truer. While there is no attempt to impress
next.
THE VALUE OF TIME.— What DOeS it
taking started with the support of 50o of the
does a very flourishing trade. The corres-
eminent sculptor Helbig, is about to be pre-
one battery and one troop to report them-
at Clamart in a sortie. His death was a ter
be a miracle of color, was sold not long agoin
you with her intellectual superiority, you feel
matter if we lose a few minutes in a whole
inhabitants. A piece of land in the cemetry
pondent says that among the believers in M.
sented by the King of Bavaria to the inhabi-
selveg: they are expected to-night. The
rible blow to his father, a poulterer, living at:
London for $7, 50o. At another sale of water
naturally elevated into a higher sphere. The
MONUMENT.— A monument to the Rev.
day?"
has been given to the company, and upon this
Brediffe are several professorsofcienceone
tants of Oberammergau, the scene of the
entire force of all arms will be on the ground
Bourg, who, after mourning the loss of his.
colors, Nottinghamshire," by Southall,
conversation of itself floats upward into a
Joseph Hughes, ne of the founders of the
Answer-Time table (daysinayear, 313;
it proposes to erect a furnace, a martuary, a
of whom, M. Wagner, has published his pro-
world-famed passion play. The conveyance
to-morrow, when the actual figures will be
son for three years, suddenly disappeared.
bronght $8, 60o; Sehool in Cairo," by J. F.
region above the commonplace. The small-
Religious Tract Society of which he was Se-
working hours in a day, 8):
chapel, a room for urns, & c. It is estimated
fession of faith in the last number of the
of this work of art along rough country roads
obtained.
short time ago he turned up again at Mul-
Lewis, $ 6, 195, and " Prayer," by the same
talk of ordinary society would seem an imper-
retary, as also of the British and Forign
Days. h. m
that the cost will be 50, 000 francs. The sta-
European Messenger.
子
and over difficult mountain passes will be a
There are in the general orders for to-
house, and one evening he was arrested for
artist, $ 5, 880.
tinence. There is a singular earnestness
Bible Societywa unvailed at Bunhil-Fild
5 Minutes lost each day is, in a year,
3
5
tutes of the company have been drawn up
ticklish affair, requiring extraordinary me-
morrow, among others relating to mere rou
stabbing to death a Prussian sergeant whom
The Marquis and the Marchioness of Bute
about her, as if those mild eyes looked deep
May 3, in the preence of Lord Shaftesbury,
10 Minutes lost each day is, in a year,
6
248
and submitted to the Government for autho-
Serious disturbances have ocuurred at
chanical appliances and very skilful manage-
tine, an order requiring officers commanding
he had met in a beer house. At first he re-
are just about to start for the Holy Land
into the great, sad, awful truths of existence.
Sir Charles Reed, and many friends of oth
20 Minutes lost each day is, in a yeax, 12
1
ritative sanction before operations can be
Plusnitz, in the Province of Western Prussia,
ment.
corps to have a medical inspection male and
fused to give his name, but eventually he con-
(they will find it very hot), and they are
To her life is a serious reality, and the git
societies. Mr. Hughes was born in 1769, and
30 Minutes lost each day is, in a year, 19
4
commenced.
on the occasion of the installation of a Roman
It has been generally remarked that ever
report. Another order, that oficers will be
fessed that he had come to Mulhouse " to
taking a photographer with them. There is
of genius a grave responsibility.
in 1797 was appointed pastor of the Baptist
6o Minutes lost each day is, in a year, 9
1
30
There is a man in Paris with a great pro-
Catholic clergyman, who has subsoried to
since the National administered that unmer-
held responsible if any spirits are sold in the
avengethe loss of his poor boy."
The jury,
some talk of the Marquis of Ripon acom-
English tourist (in Ireland)— Tell me,
Church at Batterea, where he remained until
We trust that the above will touch the
ject. He purposes to light that city withone
the new ecclesiastical laws imposed by the
ciful flagellating to the London Advertiser,
canteens within their lines. And another,
being no doubt composed of Alsatians, who
panying them.
waiter, at what hour does the first train leave
his death in 1833. In 1799 he attended a
hearts of those whocalledto see us, just for
lamp. He wants a big lamp, and wants to
Government. A crowd of Ultramontanes
and exposed it in a bald-headed falsehood,
that all stragglers will be arrested by the
sympathize with their late countrymen, gave
Inacourate Euphemism.- Why are lodgings
for Clonmel?"、 Waiter- " Is it the furrst
meeting which led to the formation of the
a minute."
suspend it at the proper height by means of
belonging to the parish besieged and eventu-
the efforts of the Advertiser's moral young
military police. These are salutary orders,
the murderer the benefit of extenuating cir-
to let almost always advertised not as
thrain, sor? I'rn not rightly shure. The
Tract Society, and in 1804 he published a
There is a Frenchman on his travels
a balloon. His argument is that all Paris can
ally demolished the viarage, carrying off
man have been as flat as dishwater. We
and strike at existing irregularities. The
cumstances, alleging that when he committed
" Rooms,” but " Apartments ？”“Apart-
noine thrain up used to lave at ha'f-past
pamphlet advocating the general circulation
through England who writes home that in
be lighted on that plan as well as an opera
the newlyinstalled vicar by force beyond the
hope (says the Sun) he won't let a litle thing
police quarters are in the Old Barracks, near
the crime he was sufering from temporary
ments " for single gentlemen are all very well,
noine, bus faix it goes at tin now, and there's
of the Seriptures at home and abroad, which
Liverpool the hearses stand at the corners in
house. The authorities have a prejudie
parish boundary. The people also seized the
like that blast his young life and envelope
the jail, and is composed of forty mon de-
insanity. The consequence was that instead
but surelyTogetherments would be more
no furrst thrain now at all at all. But I'llax
brought about the establishment of the Bible
rows, waiting for customers, just as cabs in
against his plan because he boards ina lunatic
keys of the church. Military assistance had
him in black clouds of woeon the eve, too,
tailed from the battalions.
of being sentenced to death, Ligez perewas
suitable to man and wife.
at the barr, sor!
Society. The mo: nument is a square obelisk.
other places.
asylum.
to be summoned to quell the riot.
of an interesting little event.
The men that belonged to the Queen's
sentenced to five year's imprisonment
X
